[Web Accessibility](/webaccessibility)

# Book a vendor on Zola and get 65% off Save the dates

This Book a Vendor to Get 65% Off Save The Dates discount (the “Discount”) is subject to these terms of service. The Discount is available only to recipients who have booked a vendor through the Zola Vendor Marketplace. The recipient must be signed up to receive email marketing messages from Zola in order to receive the promo code for the Discount. To be eligible for the Discount, the recipient shall have sent an Inquiry that results in a Connection with a vendor through the Zola Vendor Marketplace, and such vendor is subsequently booked and marked as booked on the Zola platform. All capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Zola Vendor Plans Terms & Conditions. The Discount is valid for a 65% discount only on Save the Date cards and can only be redeemed one time and cannot be combined or stacked with other discounts or offers. In the case that an item is eligible for multiple discounts or offers, the greatest discount will be applied. Discount applies to paper products sold directly by Zola. Discount does not apply to Change the Date cards, Zola gifts, cash funds, honeymoon funds, experiences, or gifts imported from third-party sources using the "Add Anything" tool or barcode scanner ("external gifts"). Discount does not apply to partial contributions on group gifts. Discount may not be redeemed for a future purchase if the initial transaction is canceled or returned. Discount is not applicable toward past purchases, store credit, gift cards, employee purchases, and may not be used toward delivery surcharges, tax, or other fees. The Promo Code is valid from May 22nd, 2024 at 12:00AM EST to July 31st, 2025 at 11:59PM PST. You must be 18 years or older to redeem the Promo Code. The Promo Code is non-transferable. No cash/credit back. Zola reserves the right to verify actual bookings. Zola reserves the right to modify or terminate the Promo Code at any time without prior notice. Zola is not responsible for any technical issues, errors, or unauthorized use of the Promo Code. Zola disclaims any and all liability arising from or related to the misuse or inability to use the Promo Code. Void where prohibited by law. 

* * *
